like what a fool is like this you got
the vocab I got the vowel cat you got
the vocab you look whatever we did we
made this folk gotta be bigger than the
music it has to be amazement so in that
basement we knew that we would create a
movement so that's why we call it my
daughter lives a different reality she's
like a lemon so when I'm like Angelina
you know you taking me for granted right
you know your daddy yeah it's just a
photo finish yeah dad I know you took a
donkey the slowest reality my dad he did
not want us listening to Papa
I said I've got an idea nobody in this
totally English so every English words
they know it's for them we'll put them
in a song all night long all night all
night so Jesus cry so my poem goes off
and I pick it up yet it's Rockler let's
out of here I never forget now we
go back outside there's a spy it says
wrong go back to where y'all came from
the way
in order to be successful at anything it
has to be within truly mode sometimes
you have to do these transitional jobs
to get to where you have to go to but
it's okay I'm talking 4,000 kids packed
and I show up and I'm like I remember